[incident-40528] Fix ddot collector support when setting `agents.image.tag=7.X.Y-full` (#1955)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- end }}

{{- if and (eq (include "should-enable-otel-agent" .) "true") (hasSuffix "-full" (.Values.agents.image.tag | toString)) }}
#################################################################
####               WARNING: Configuration notice             ####
#################################################################
You have set the `-full` suffix directly in `agents.image.tag` ({{ .Values.agents.image.tag }}) while using the OpenTelemetry Collector.
This is only supported in one of these conditions:
- `datadog.otelCollector.useStandaloneImage` is set to `false`
- `datadog.otelCollector.useStandaloneImage` is set to `true` and the agent version is 7.65 or 7.66.

> Please consider either removing this suffix from the `agents.image.tag` override.

Reviewer: I think we're missing the second option after "either." (the OR part in either/or) "Consider either removing  the suffix [...] or <provide the alternative option>".

> Please consider either removing this suffix from the `agents.image.tag` override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please consider removing the `-full` suffix from the `agents.image.tag` and upgrade to the Agent 7.67.0+
```
